Alex Neil you've talked for the last few
weeks about the job not being done it
now is how's it feel
yeah I'm really really pleased officer
it was always gonna be difficult but I
felt with the quality of afar and I've
made sure of it so I thought my the
occasion get is which we doesn't that we
managed to do the job and thankfully
that was a kiss that was the big thing
today the way your team started that
they seemed to relish the occasion
rather than let them freeze yeah
obviously the last game we played
mothers brought home and the one thing
about so people who helped to tell me
Darrell did not like classism and people
start crashed and what they're doing we
want to make sure we responded it up we
dead and that puts my front foot right
away it was a ruthless streak today
about your team wasn't there what one
one nil quickly became to nil yeah they
were just determined of a focused
already and I just told them I said
listen the worst thing that can possibly
happen is you go in you're scared then
you clearly feel and you come off having
regrets
once you come off the pitch so you get
your best shot if it's not good enough
we can accept that you know but I
believed if they've done an offer they
were the bigger than I thought of
operations a block the players have
talked about the journey and to when be
on the bus today and getting some stick
from the Middlesbrough fans what was
that handy little team talk for you you
know obviously they'll do so I figure I
score so I think doesn't bother me I
mean it was incredible to celebrate that
trophy in front of those those 40,000
fans that were you able to sort of step
back and realize what it meant to them
as well
yeah from being honest I'm more pleased
for everybody else the mother myself and
all the players the fans do yeah
obviously David than all out here
pointed me and had the bravery to do
that and as I said before the the one
thing that drives me is make sure that I
don't like these tacky rebellion and I'm
more peaceful than a muffin myself
because I had the job to do and I'm just
pleased that - to do it personal points
of view what was it like leading your
team out at Wembley today absolutely
unbelievable in terms I can only make
sure that you have a focal point your
team and you know your team are behind
you and like when a government gave you
everything they've got to try and
achieve your goal and we've dug down of
social truffula some talk that
Middlesbrough had problems getting here
to the game through all the traffic I
don't know how aware you were of that in
the build-up to the game
I think that I have the know before the
March which is quite unusual we we have
an hour and a half
I think this did father Odin Bobby then
take a covenant in the traffic but yeah
I booked forget me then I've got flu
some again and to nil they say sometimes
it is a difficult position particularly
can't for the second half do you go for
a third do you hang on to what you've
got your players gave it everything
didn't they yeah thumb - not half thing
I'll be tight at most times so yeah I
hope you'll make a lot of mothers beside
defensive record but over the last 23
games we've actually a better defensive
record than them so I knew all those
starts going on in the game and as soon
as we took a turn I'll lead that was
really confident they would see the job
fair to single players out but Cameron
Jerome what was man of the match and the
way he put himself about he justified
your faith in him today didn't it yeah
because obviously Luis was playing quite
a lot of the games before but come on
deserve to play you know he'd what
tirelessly for us getting us to this
point and I was really really tough for
him and he's a real wonderful if he gets
going manager sounds good doesn't it
yeah I don't think about too much of
anything so I'll enjoy my holiday I've
got a lot of plans in place that we've
been working on and then obviously I'll
start thinking about make sure when I
come back what does the night hold for
you it now is the time you can just sit
back and celebrate this isn't it also
what you want to see my family of a good
mates and I have a few drinks and make
sure we enjoy it because like I say
these two occasions got hard more often